rape
Rape is a type of sexual assault usually involving sexual intercourse or other forms of sexual penetration carried out against a person without that person's consent. The act may be carried out by physical force, coercion, abuse of authority

what is rape?
Rape is a type of sexual assault usually involving sexual intercourse or other forms of sexual penetration carried out against a person without that person's consent. The act may be carried out by physical force, coercion, abuse of authority

who is rape?
Rape is a type of sexual assault usually involving sexual intercourse or other forms of sexual penetration carried out against a person without that person's consent. The act may be carried out by physical force, coercion, abuse of authority

attempt to rape
it is a severe crime and you can complain it on

touching inappropriately
it is a severe crime and you can complain it on

filmed while rape
it is a crime under cyber crime and you can complain it on

a person tried to touch me on my body parts without permission
it is a crime under attempt to rape and you can complain it on

a group of people raped me
it is a severe crime and you can complain it on

raped me and uploaded video on social media
it is a severe crime(rape & cyber crime) and you can complain it on

domestic voilence
Domestic violence in India includes any form of violence suffered by a person from a biological relative, but typically is the violence suffered by a woman by male members of her family or relatives.

what is domestic voilence?
Domestic violence in India includes any form of violence suffered by a person from a biological relative, but typically is the violence suffered by a woman by male members of her family or relatives.

my husband and family members beats me
Domestic violence in India includes any form of violence suffered by a person from a biological relative, but typically is the violence suffered by a woman by male members of her family or relatives.

my family member beats me
its a domestic voilence

home
the current time is

hell
hello

how old are you
21

Hi
Hello,i am chatty

who are you?
i am chatty the chatbot

Hello
Hi,Welcome to chatbot

what you do?
i am here to help you about getting knowledge of the crime.

do you know hindi?
yes! I know hindi.

what should i ask you?
i can tell you anything about crime.

byeeeee
nice to meet you

ttyl
ok thanks for talking with me.

thank you
its my honour to help you.

who created you?
team catalyst

bye
thank you for talking to me,have a nice day.

hello,i am xyz
nice to meet you.

what's up?
nothing much you tell

i am fine
good to know that

how are you?
i am fine and thinking same for you.

what is your name?
chatty the chatbot

ok
thank you